The core benefits of DevOps are as follows:

Technical benefits
    Continuous software delivery
    Less complex problems to manage
    Early detection and faster correction of defects

Business benefits
    Faster delivery of features
    Stable operating environments
    Improved communication and collaboration between the teams




Continuous Delivery :
Ensures code can be safely deployed on to production 	
Ensures business applications and services function as expected 	
Delivers every change to a production-like environment through rigorous automated testing 	

Continuous Deployment:
Every change that passes the automated tests is deployed to production automatically
Makes software development and the release process faster and more robust
There is no explicit approval from a developer and requires a developed culture of monitoring


What is the role of configuration management in DevOps?
    Enables management of and changes to multiple systems.
    Standardizes resource configurations, which in turn, manage IT infrastructure.
    It helps with the administration and management of multiple servers and maintains the integrity of the entire infrastructure.


Why are SSL certificates used in Chef?
    SSL certificates are used between the Chef server and the client to ensure that each node has access to the right data.
    Every node has a private and public key pair. The public key is stored at the Chef server.
    When an SSL certificate is sent to the server, it will contain the private key of the node.
    The server compares this against the public key in order to identify the node and give the node access to the required data.


Explain the architecture of Docker.
    Docker uses a client-server architecture.
    Docker Client is a service that runs a command. The command is translated using the REST API and is sent to the Docker Daemon (server). 
    Docker Daemon accepts the request and interacts with the operating system to build Docker images and run Docker containers.
    A Docker image is a template of instructions, which is used to create containers.
    Docker container is an executable package of an application and its dependencies together.
    Docker registry is a service to host and distribute Docker images among users.


What are the advantages of Docker over virtual machines?
Criteria 			Virtual Machine  													Docker
Memory space 	Occupies a lot of memory space 									Docker containers occupy less space
Boot-up time 	Long boot-up time 												Short boot-up time
Performance 	Running multiple virtual machines leads to unstable performance  	Containers have a better performance, as they are hosted in a single Docker engine
Scaling 			Difficult to scale up 												Easy to scale up
Efficiency 		Low efficiency 													High efficiency
Portability 		Compatibility issues while porting across different platforms 		Easily portable across different platforms
Space allocation 	Data volumes cannot be shared 									Data volumes are shared and used again across multiple containers


Explain the differences between Docker images and Docker containers.
Docker Images  										Docker Container
Docker images are templates of Docker containers 	Containers are runtime instances of a Docker image
An image is built using a Dockerfile 					Containers are created using Docker images
It is stored in a Docker repository or a Docker hub 		They are stored in the Docker daemon
The image layer is a read-only filesystem 				Every container layer is a read-write filesystem
